OPA134PA-High Performance AUDIO OPERATIONAL AMPLIFIERS

Datasheets
OPA134, 2134, 4134
Product Photos
8-DIP
Design Resources
Create your power design now with TI’s WEBENCH® Designer
Standard Package 
50
Category
Integrated Circuits (ICs)
Family
Linear - Amplifiers - Instrumentation, OP Amps, Buffer Amps
Series
SoundPlus™
Packaging 
Tube 
Amplifier Type
Audio
Number of Circuits
1
Output Type
-
Slew Rate
20 V/µs
Gain Bandwidth Product
8MHz
-3db Bandwidth
-
Current - Input Bias
5pA
Voltage - Input Offset
500µV
Current - Supply
4mA
Current - Output / Channel
35mA
Voltage - Supply, Single/Dual (±)
5 V ~ 36 V, ±2.5 V ~ 18 V
Operating Temperature
-40°C ~ 85°C
Mounting Type
Through Hole
Package / Case
8-DIP (0.300", 7.62mm)
Supplier Device Package
8-PDIP

Shipping:

1. We can shipping all over the world by DHL , UPS , FedEx and EMS . The packaging is very safe and strong. If you have any special needs please nitfy me.

2. It will take around 3-5 days to reach your hands .


Product Type & Condition :

1. Because of the fluctuant sales situation. the stock parts are always changing and the stock list cannot be promptly updated . So,please consult the stock situation when you inquire.
 
2.A tracking number was received, but tracking information is unavailable?

When an order is shipped using a trackable service, tracking information for deliveries will generally be available within 1-3 days, however sometimes it may take a shipping partner a little longer.
If tracking information has not appeared after 3 business days, please contact us.

Warranty & Guarantee :

we sell the quality with 30 days Return policy from the day of shipment. 


Buyer Reading:

1. Please confirm receipt of products if the items you received , and if the goods was damaged please contact us immediately. send the photo to us that we can check and give you best solution 

2. We only guarantee Delivery in time but we couldn't control the express delivery time. Our related sales person will be responsible to send the AWB for the delivered goods in the next workday. you can check the AWB in the website which we send to you. For the AWB you also can call to the local branch of the express company in your company.
 

If you have any other questions please feel free to contact us in any time!
