MAX4165EUK-T-High-Output-Drive, Precision, Low-Power, Single- Supply, Rail-to-Rail I/O Op Amps with Shutdown
 
Datasheets
MAX4165-69
Product Photos
SOT-23-5
Product Training Modules
Lead (SnPb) Finish for COTS
Long-Term Supply Program
Standard Package 
2,500
Category
Integrated Circuits (ICs)
Family
Linear - Amplifiers - Instrumentation, OP Amps, Buffer Amps
Series
-
Packaging 
Tape & Reel (TR) 
Amplifier Type
General Purpose
Number of Circuits
1
Output Type
Rail-to-Rail
Slew Rate
2 V/µs
Gain Bandwidth Product
5MHz
-3db Bandwidth
-
Current - Input Bias
50nA
Voltage - Input Offset
350µV
Current - Supply
1.3mA
Current - Output / Channel
125mA
Voltage - Supply, Single/Dual (±)
2.7 V ~ 6.5 V, ±1.35 V ~ 3.25 V
Operating Temperature
-40°C ~ 85°C
Mounting Type
Surface Mount
Package / Case
SC-74A, SOT-753
Supplier Device Package
SOT-23-5
 
 
Shipping: 
1. We can shipping all over the world by DHL , UPS , FedEx and EMS . The packaging is very safe and strong. If you have any special needs please nitfy me.
2. It will take around 3-5 days to reach your hands.
 
Product Type & Condition : 
1. Because of the fluctuant sales situation. the stock parts are always changing and the stock list cannot be promptly updated . So,please consult the stock situation when you inquire.
 
Warranty & Guarantee : 
All components we sell the quality with 30 days Return policy from the day of shipment.
 
Buyer Reading: 
 
1. Please confirm receipt of products if the items you received , and if the goods was damaged please contact us immediately. send the photo to us that we can check and give you best solution .
2. We only guarantee Delivery in time but we couldn't control the express delivery time. Our related sales person will be responsible to send the AWB for the delivered goods in the next workday. you can check the AWB in the website which we send to you. For the AWB you also can call to the local branch of the express company in your company.
 
If you have any other questions please feel free to contact us in any time.
