TFA9810T TFA9810 - Stereo full-bridge audio amplifier 2 x 12 W
 
Features
-Stereo full-bridge power comparator for class D audio amplifier applications
-No external heat sink required
-Operating voltage range: asymmetrical from 8 V to 20 V
-Thermally protected
-Zero dead-time switching
-Current-limiting (no audible interruptions)
 
Datasheets
TFA9810
Product Photos
32-SOIC SOT287-1
PCN Obsolescence
Multiple Devices 25/Dec/2013
Standard Package 
24
Category
Integrated Circuits (ICs)
Family
Linear - Amplifiers - Audio
Packaging 
Tube 
Type
Class D
Output Type
2-Channel (Stereo)
Max Output Power x Channels @ Load
15W x 2 @ 8 Ohm
Voltage - Supply
8 V ~ 20 V
Features
Differential Inputs, Short-Circuit and Thermal Protection
Mounting Type
Surface Mount
Supplier Device Package
32-SO
Package / Case
32-SOIC (0.295", 7.50mm Width)
 
 

Shipping:

1. We can shipping all over the world by DHL , UPS , FedEx and EMS . The packaging is very safe and strong. If you have any special needs please nitfy me.

2. It will take around 3-5 days to reach your hands .


Product Type & Condition :

1. Because of the fluctuant sales situation. the stock parts are always changing and the stock list cannot be promptly updated . So,please consult the stock situation when you inquire.


Warranty & Guarantee :

All components we sell the quality with 30 days Return policy from the day of shipment. 


Buyer Reading:

1. Please confirm receipt of products if the items you received , and if the goods was damaged please contact us immediately. send the photo to us that we can check and give you best solution 

2. We only guarantee Delivery in time but we couldn't control the express delivery time. Our related sales person will be responsible to send the AWB for the delivered goods in the next workday. you can check the AWB in the website which we send to you. For the AWB you also can call to the local branch of the express company in your company.
 

If you have any other questions please feel free to contact us in any time!
