IS61LV25616AL-10TLI - 256K x 16 HIGH SPEED ASYNCHRONOUS CMOS STATIC RAM WITH 3.3V SUPPLY

Datasheets
IS61LV25616AL
SRAM Part Number Guide
Product Photos
44-TSOP 
Standard Package 
135
Category
Integrated Circuits (ICs)
Family
Memory
Series
-
Packaging 
Tray  
Format - Memory
RAM
Memory Type
SRAM - Asynchronous
Memory Size
4M (256K x 16)
Speed
10ns
Interface
Parallel
Voltage - Supply
3.135 V ~ 3.6 V
Operating Temperature
-40°C ~ 85°C
Package / Case
44-TSOP (0.400", 10.16mm Width)
Supplier Device Package
44-TSOP II
  
FEATURES
• High-speed access time:— 10, 12 ns
• CMOS low power operation
• Low stand-by power:— Less than 5 mA (typ.) CMOS stand-by
• TTL compatible interface levels
• Single 3.3V power supply
• Fully static operation: no clock or refresh required
• Three state outputs
• Data control for upper and lower bytes
• Industrial temperature available
• Lead-free available
 
Shipping:

1. We can shipping all over the world by DHL , UPS , FedEx and EMS . The packaging is very safe and strong. If you have any special needs please nitfy me.

2. It will take around 3-5 days to reach your hands .


Product Type & Condition :

1. Because of the fluctuant sales situation. the stock parts are always changing and the stock list cannot be promptly updated . So,please consult the stock situation when you inquire.
 
2.A tracking number was received, but tracking information is unavailable?

When an order is shipped using a trackable service, tracking information for deliveries will generally be available within 1-3 days, however sometimes it may take a shipping partner a little longer.
If tracking information has not appeared after 3 business days, please contact us.

Warranty & Guarantee :

we sell the quality with 30 days Return policy from the day of shipment. 


Buyer Reading:

1. Please confirm receipt of products if the items you received , and if the goods was damaged please contact us immediately. send the photo to us that we can check and give you best solution 

2. We only guarantee Delivery in time but we couldn't control the express delivery time. Our related sales person will be responsible to send the AWB for the delivered goods in the next workday. you can check the AWB in the website which we send to you. For the AWB you also can call to the local branch of the express company in your company.
 

If you have any other questions please feel free to contact us in any time!
