ISD5116PY-Single-Chip Voice Record/Playback Device Up to 16-Minute Duration with Digital Storage Capability
 
Datasheets
ISD5116 Single-Chip Voice Record/Playback Devices
ISD5100 Series
Product Photos
28DPID
Standard Package 
15
Category
Integrated Circuits (ICs)
Family
Interface - Voice Record and Playback
Series
ISD5100
Interface
I²C
Filter Pass Band
1.7 ~ 3.4kHz
Duration
8 ~ 16 Min
Mounting Type
Through Hole
Package / Case
28-DIP (0.600", 15.24mm)
Supplier Device Package
28-DIP
 
 
Shipping:

1. We can shipping all over the world by DHL , UPS , FedEx and EMS . The packaging is very safe and strong. If you have any special needs please nitfy me.

2. It will take around 3-5 days to reach your hands .


Product Type & Condition :

1. Because of the fluctuant sales situation. the stock parts are always changing and the stock list cannot be promptly updated . So,please consult the stock situation when you inquire.
 
2.A tracking number was received, but tracking information is unavailable?

When an order is shipped using a trackable service, tracking information for deliveries will generally be available within 1-3 days, however sometimes it may take a shipping partner a little longer.
If tracking information has not appeared after 3 business days, please contact us.

Warranty & Guarantee :

we sell the quality with 30 days Return policy from the day of shipment. 


Buyer Reading:

1. Please confirm receipt of products if the items you received , and if the goods was damaged please contact us immediately. send the photo to us that we can check and give you best solution 

2. We only guarantee Delivery in time but we couldn't control the express delivery time. Our related sales person will be responsible to send the AWB for the delivered goods in the next workday. you can check the AWB in the website which we send to you. For the AWB you also can call to the local branch of the express company in your company.
 

If you have any other questions please feel free to contact us in any time!
